The Son of Heaven cannot kneel
Xiao Xiao's generation dares to threaten the emperor
They must be Yang Fan's rebellion
Bring immortals down to earth
Sure enough, it is Pioneer Dougu
Work hard
Does the leftover girl look like three immortals?
It is said that when the Great Zhou Emperor founded Great Zhou
There are immortals to testify
Shouldn't it be these three?
You still have some eyesight
The three of us were when the Great Zhou Emperor founded Great Zhou
Another big week's three immortals
The Immortal is here
Now we're saved
Yang Fan, no matter how powerful you are, can you be more powerful than an immortal?
Kneel down and beg for mercy
I know that the Immortal Emperor will not let me ruin the week
Wudang meets three immortals
Goodbye to the three immortals
Pray for the immortals to kill the thieves
Restore my peace
Shangxian
This man made me kneel
heinous crime
Please call the shots for me
As the emperor of the great week
This kneel will dissipate the air of the emperor
Heaven will no longer protect you
At the same time, you will personally destroy the Great Zhou Dragon Vein.
I see.
Broke my luck
I almost believed in your evil
Son of Heaven, as long as you don't kneel
No one can touch you
I advise the three of you
Mind your own business